Bah stinky shameless
Mo Yan is a powerless bumpkin like this
Don't be angry with him
Emperor
Let you do your filial piety, you and I don't have to be so polite
Today is your grandma's birthday
This $40 million blue diamond
It's a little thought from me.
Just lend them your hand
Such a valuable item
I can not
This is my little thought for my grandmother
You must take it
Okay, it's getting late, I have something to do
I'll see you tonight.
Wow, that's 40 million blue diamonds.
Your Majesty, this is the intention of the drunkard, not the wine.
Mu Yan
Wang Shao is young and rich
More importantly, I am dedicated to you
You must take advantage of the opportunity
Let Qiao Zixi of Jiutian Group
Backup gift
I'm going to congratulate Mrs. Zhao on her birthday tonight
Good supermaster
And before tonight
Check out all the relationships between the Zhao family and the Wang family
If someone really coerces or embarrasses Mu Yan
Killing without mercy is
Wang Shao, now the big tree of the Zhao family will fall
Although Miss Zhao is beautiful
But the women around you are also beautiful
Why are you so attentive to him?
What do you know?
Zhao Jiayili for a hundred years
The back is the wrong track of the management.
If I could become the son-in-law of the Zhao family
He can lead the Wang family to take the opportunity to annex it
At that time, don't say that the Wang family is in charge of Beihai
It's a top family under the gods
That's just around the corner.